refactor(repo): improve `review-figma-design` skill — Code Connect reporting and terminology (#2625)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: .agents/skills/review-figma-design/SKILL.md

> | **Component instance**                         | Does the Figma layer have a Code Connect snippet? If not, it may be a custom composition or a missing DS component. When no Code Connect is found, check whether the component exists in the codebase — the two cases are reported differently (see "Differentiating not-yet-Implemented From lacks-Code Connect" below). **Exception:** plain `<text>` layers are not components in Figma — Spirit uses text styles (Body, Heading, etc.) for typography, not typography components. Never flag a text layer as a missing DS component. **Exception:** layout layers named `Container`, `Section`, `Stack`, or `Grid` are intentional named frames — they are not DS component instances and must not be flagged as missing components.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: i am a bit surprised it does not use hash urls to titles and instead it uses `(see "Differentiating not..." below)` 😬

Author: Maybe because hashes require the MD to be "rendered"? The hashes don't exist until then.

> | **Deprecated components**                      | Search for a `DEPRECATIONS.md` file in the repository (e.g. `packages/web-react/DEPRECATIONS.md` in Spirit). If not found locally, fetch it from [`packages/web-react/DEPRECATIONS.md`](https://github.com/alma-oss/spirit-design-system/blob/main/packages/web-react/DEPRECATIONS.md) on GitHub as a reference. Check whether any components in the design appear in that file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: (maybe it would be less token heavy to link raw variants of MDs => no UI to parse, just the markdown)

Author: ```suggestion
| **Deprecated components**                      | Search for a `DEPRECATIONS.md` file in the repository (e.g. `packages/web-react/DEPRECATIONS.md` in Spirit). If not found locally, fetch it from [`packages/web-react/DEPRECATIONS.md`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alma-oss/spirit-design-system/refs/heads/main/packages/web-react/DEPRECATIONS.md) on GitHub as a reference. Check whether any components in the design appear in that file.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

a replacement suggestion in the finding only when the match is credible. Omit a suggestion when
results are ambiguous or the match is implausible.

#### Differentiating "not yet Implemented" From "lacks Code Connect"

When a Figma instance has no Code Connect snippet, the root cause is one of two very different things:

- **Component exists in code but has no Code Connect binding** — the fix is to add a `.figma.tsx` Code Connect file (DS work only).
- **Component does not exist in code at all** — the Code Connect gap is a downstream symptom; the real work is implementing the component first.

To determine which case applies, grep the codebase for the component name:

```bash

> grep -r "ComponentName" packages/web-react/src/components/ --include="*.tsx" -l 2>/dev/null | head -1

Reviewer: will not work in Cyborg

Reviewer 2: What about turning this part into a bash script that will show the result instantly instead of describing what it should do?

Author: Path in Cyborg: `libs/design-system/components`
